3.1 Getting started
    3.1.1 install
    It was tricky to install their project because it was saved under a different 
    version of Unity than the one I am running.  I told it to use what we had, and
    we'll see how that works.

    3.1.2 Load Audio_Outdoor_Scene, make sure audio is not muted, and play it
        it seems strange without audio

    3.1.4 what does an audio engineer do
        diegetic sound is from the world being experienced.
        non-diegetic is added for the audience (e.g. music)

        get the right sounds (create or import) and make them sound good.

        tools:
            Wwise: spatial audio
            Audacity: record and edit
            Beepbox: create instrumental melodies

    3.1.5   how audio works in unity
        An Audio Listener is automatically included in a camera.
        There is only one per scene.
        When an audio source comes within range, it picks it up and plays it for us.

        Audio Sources hold ethe sounds in the scene view, and define the range
        at which it becomes audio and how it will be perceived.  There can be
        many Audio Sources.

        Sound can come in MPEG/mp3, Ogg Vorbis, .wav or .aiff

    3.1.6
        Sound is part of our perception of a situation, and appropriate sound
        makes it seem real to us.

        If something is behind us, a sound behind us will tell us that we need to look.

    3.1.7 
        nothing in the real world is ever actually silent, there is always some
        background sounds, and if they are missing, the situation is less real.

3.2 Create 3D sound effects

    3.2.2 add a waterfall sound
        
        in the hierarchy, create Audio>Audio Source "Waterfall Audio"
        drag AmbientWaterfal into its audio clip
            (if I double-click that file in project window, I can preview the sound)
        enable loop, because it is a continuous sound

        play and hear the (constant) sound

        SET SPACIAL BLEND TO 3D !!!
        3D settings: place in cave, min=2, max=10
        
        play and hear sound get louder as I get closer

    3.2.3 adjust the audio spread

        get into range and turn from side  (not much difference twixt 0-90
            hear the sound get louder in the nearer ear
            set spread to 180 and there is no change
            find a spread that seems right (need headphone)

    3.2.4-6 explore logarithmic and linear rolloff
        the former is more natural
        the latter comes in at the max distance and then gets uniformly louder w/approach
        play w/custom roll-off, moving the 1.0 point
        now the sound is what the player (not the camera) hears

    3.2.7 move audio listener from camera to player
        remove the audio llistener from the camera, add it to the player
    
        !!! I noticed no effect (on the waterfall sound) based on different Doppler settings

    3.2.8 Doppler Effect
        in demo, music speed is proportional to forward speed, so slows when running backwards
        
    3.2.9 look for other sounds to add as ambient

        placed classical music on the left wall
        placed cave steps (looped, small radius) at left inside corner of pond
        placed grass steps (looped, small radius) at right inside corner of pond
        getting (single instance) steps to work requires they be set to loop

  3.3 Add special effects to existing audio

    3.3.3-4 creae reverb zone

        create Audio Reverb Zone completely within cave (6-10M)
            set ReverbPreset to Cave
        
        try ReverbPreset Padded Sell and Stone Corridor

    3.3.5-6 Add Water Drop Sound Effect

        create AudioSource, using Water Droplets, 3D, loop, linear rolloff
            (they are quiet compared to waterfall)
        lower priority of water droplets to 100 (vs 128 for all others)

    3.3.7 add an Audio Mixer

        open Audio Mixer window
        + new Mixer "Master"
        + add group "Water"

        Waterfall, Droplet
            Output <- Water group
        Edit in Play to adjust volumes
   
        but the droplets are still very quiet compared to everything else

  3.4 Your Own Soundscape

        The greatest challenge is being brought in at the end of the game, not integrated
            don't have a long time to evolve an audio plan
            have to design sound for everything all at once

    3.4.2   Create my own soundscape

        Open Scene: CreativeCoreAudio/Scenes/Audio_Indoor_Scene

        - identify items to which I can add audio effects
                1. lights can buzz
                2. foot-steps when walking?

            - what is the base ambient sound

                3. obviously, the fire should be crackling
                4. the red canvas can have warm music
                5. the blue canvas can have cold music

            - which objects should make sounds

                stone floor in the corners
                soft under the sky-light

        - consider the narative I want it to present
    
        + add now fewer than five sounds
        + including ambient sounds
        + including represented objects
         at least one audio special effect
