Game Design Document            By Mark Kampe

2 - What to include

    alternatives:
        Synopsis, Objectives, Rules, Structure
        Players, player {metrics, states, weapons}
      * Design (Overview, Plot and Setting, Play), Marketing, Development

3 - Assets
    
    Download and Import UCA_Game_Dev package
      Browse through Prefabs
        ... Characters: of many races
        ... PickUps: keys, stars, puzzle pieces
        ... Spheres: one glowing rock looks nasty (for enemy)
        ... VFX: not sure, but burst and smoke might prove interesting

      Browse through Materials
        ... some of the character materials reflect a person in a room?
        ... PickUp materials are attractive and wide ranging
        ... not sure about Repeating, Spheres, VFX (probably go w/above)

    Simple Concept
        The Student is trying to pass all hir classes while keeping head
        of due dates and dealing with conflicting obligations.

4 - Watch other games

    Super Monkey Ball
        action/music, sound effects as Monkey follows a range of
        complex courses, collecting rewards while avoiding bosses

    Subway Surfers
        music, sounds, patrolling cop and dog as kids try to spray trains while
        collecting coins and jumping atop moving trains

    Crossy Road
        sounds as robots try to cross freeway with traffic, trains, and obstacles

    All three very well done, putting me (even my concepts) to shame.

5 - Introduction

    Working Title:  Mudd Senior

    Concept:
        The Student is trying to pass all hir classes while keeping ahead
        of constantly approaching due dates and dealing with conflicting obligations.

    Genere:
        simple Action ... requires no planning

    Target Audience:
        Mudd Seniors

    Target Platform:
        Mac, Windows, and Linux notebooks

6 - Gameplay section

    Controls
        WASD/cursor motion to evade pursuit and choose goals
        space bar to stop
        esc to end game
        but I need to be able to turn (to see) as well as to move

    Mechanics

        One collectible appears and starts  glowing, that is the one that is due
        a due date materializes at that collectible and starts chasing
        I have to get the goal before the due date gets me
           If I do, the enemy disappears and a new collectible becomes due
           If not, I disappear into a puff of smoke
              and an opportunity to replay at same difficulty
        along the way are other collectibles (parties and friends?)

        If I beat them all, I get fireworks and a diploma
           and an opportunity to replay at greater difficulty

        difficulty:
            enemy speed
            easy: overhead view
            hard: following camera view

        static obstacles are the buildings on campus
        I don't have a concept for the dynamic obstacles

7 - Art and visuals

    Player is a student
    Enemy is a professor in robes and hat
    primary Collectble is a piece of the puzzle
    incidental collectible is a coin or jewel
    static obstacles are campus buildings 

8 - Development timeline

    Jesus ... they are going to make me do this!

